#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe --output-file=requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
astor==0.8.1
    # via flake8-simplify
astpretty==2.1.0
    # via flake8-expression-complexity
astroid==2.5.1
    # via pylint
asttokens==2.0.4
    # via flake8-aaa
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   pytkdocs
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-eradicate
    #   pytest
autoflake==1.4
    # via autoimport
autoimport==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
bandit==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   pytkdocs
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.2.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click-log==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autoimport
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
    #   pip-tools
    #   python-semantic-release
    #   safety
    #   yamlfix
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flakehell
    #   twine
coverage==5.5
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   secretstorage
deepdiff==5.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
dlint==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   readme-renderer
dotty-dict==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
dparse==0.5.1
    # via safety
editorconfig==0.12.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   jsbeautifier
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flakehell
eradicate==2.0.0
    # via flake8-eradicate
feedparser==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
flake8-aaa==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-annotations-complexity==0.0.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-annotations==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-bugbear==21.3.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-comprehensions==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-debugger==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-docstrings==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-eradicate==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-expression-complexity==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-fixme==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-markdown==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-mutable==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-plugin-utils==1.3.1
    # via flake8-pytest-style
flake8-polyfill==1.0.2
    # via pep8-naming
flake8-pytest-style==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-pytest==1.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-simplify==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-typing-imports==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-use-fstring==1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8-variables-names==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flake8==3.9.0
    # via
    #   dlint
    #   flake8-annotations
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   flake8-docstrings
    #   flake8-eradicate
    #   flake8-expression-complexity
    #   flake8-markdown
    #   flake8-mutable
    #   flake8-polyfill
    #   flake8-pytest
    #   flake8-simplify
    #   flake8-typing-imports
    #   flake8-use-fstring
    #   flakehell
flakehell==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via pytest-freezegun
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lunr
gitdb==4.0.7
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.14
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
    #   python-semantic-release
identify==2.2.1
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-comprehensions
    #   flake8-simplify
    #   flake8-typing-imports
    #   keyring
    #   markdown
    #   pep517
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   stevedore
    #   twine
    #   virtualenv
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
invoke==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
isort==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint
jeepney==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocstrings
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
jsbeautifier==1.13.5
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
keyring==23.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
livereload==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
lunr[languages]==0.5.8
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs
markdown-include==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
markdown==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   markdown-include
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocstrings
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mkdocs-autolinks-plugin==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
mkdocs-autorefs==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin==0.8
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-material==7.0.6
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material-extensions
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
mkdocs-section-index==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
mkdocs==1.1.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-autolinks-plugin
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-git-revision-date-localized-plugin
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
    #   mkdocs-section-index
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocstrings==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.in
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
mypy==0.812
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
nltk==3.5
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   lunr
nodeenv==1.5.0
    # via pre-commit
ordered-set==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepdiff
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   dparse
    #   pytest
    #   safety
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   yamllint
pbr==5.5.1
    # via stevedore
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8-naming==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pip-tools==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pkginfo==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-debugger
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pydocstyle==6.0.0
    # via flake8-docstrings
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   flake8
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flakehell
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   readme-renderer
pylint==2.7.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pymdown-extensions==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
    #   mkdocstrings
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyprojroot==0.2.0
    # via autoimport
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-freezegun==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-pythonpath==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest==6.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-freezegun
    #   pytest-pythonpath
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   freezegun
python-gitlab==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
python-semantic-release==7.15.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytkdocs==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   mkdocstrings
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   babel
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   dparse
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
    #   pre-commit
    #   yamllint
readme-renderer==29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
regex==2021.3.17
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   nltk
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-gitlab
    #   twine
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mkdocs-htmlproofer-plugin
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
    #   python-gitlab
    #   python-semantic-release
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   safety
    #   twine
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   twine
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.2
    # via ruamel.yaml
ruamel.yaml==0.17.0
    # via yamlfix
safety==1.10.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
semver==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
setuptools-scm==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dotty-dict
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
sh==1.14.1
    # via autoimport
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bandit
    #   bleach
    #   flake8-debugger
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   livereload
    #   lunr
    #   python-dateutil
    #   readme-renderer
    #   virtualenv
smmap==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.1.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
stevedore==3.3.0
    # via bandit
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   dparse
    #   flakehell
    #   pep517
    #   pre-commit
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   livereload
    #   mkdocs
tqdm==4.59.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nltk
    #   twine
twine==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-semantic-release
typed-ast==1.4.2
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   black
    #   flake8-annotations
    #   mypy
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pytkdocs
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flakehell
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.4.3
    # via pre-commit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
wheel==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   python-semantic-release
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
yamlfix==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
yamllint==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==21.0.1
    # via pip-tools
setuptools==54.2.0
    # via
    #   -r docs/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flake8-annotations-complexity
    #   flake8-expression-complexity
    #   flake8-variables-names
    #   mkdocs-mermaid2-plugin
    #   safety
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   yamllint
